hello hello how about we're in a
new video and in this new video they
I bring a mod that would be the demarcation man
and well this is very good I think
and good I leave the channel of 8 in the
description because he makes a few mods
pretty good and I recommend them
a lot and good for
and invoke slender good first
this mode is for
minecraft ocde pocket edition
0.8 point is not that I can not say
same
good for this what we occupy is
this quartz block
one has been a pumpkin
and good the quartz block this and good
in the description of the video I leave you the
download link and
and a tutorial about putting bikes on
minecraft and 0.8 points
well what we're going to do is put
two quartz blocks
and a comfortable class above tells us is from
beforehand so awakened today I recommend
put it at night so it does not happen
nothing because by day it was going to burn and
well this mode today here is this
translated by a youtuber that is
quite famous maybe many what
you know and it would be monsters droid
he translated it then he left them without
translated and all credits to him by
translate the mod
also and as you see there I just throw away
a tnt looks up said
and the point of dying says ok
as you see earlier said that you have to
collect a lapis lazuli and close tom
like here we have the first skin
blue
we touch this and he says he does
find the first the blue pile
Now what we are looking for is to find
with luminous stone
here that there is one we touch it and it says that
found the second blogs ton
and this mod is pretty good lenderman
attacks us with various things has 3
the water and a lot of things like that
is
and it's immortal because I tried it
kill with diamond sword
and nothing happens to him is immortal here is
the second glow are good the third by
what
go dead
but he spoke as they see
me if this mod is one of my favorites
because the
why
It's pretty good
everything is never as good a way
and well here is the third blows ton
good the fourth
you can not escape
let's keep looking for blues or light
here it is
I do not know why it is not removed from the
screen
with what you run
or not
it did not kill me what bad good and
when they manage to collect all the
the ton balloons
There are seven in total
is going to tell you that it is lenderman has
gone and then they have already won
good as I could not
find all loes ton and he has killed me
burnt
and it may seem to us behind or in
any part and well this has been
All mod I highly recommend them there
certainly have to put the
difficulty to the maximum here because if not
It will not work for them and well I hope that
you liked this mod I leave you
the channel of eyt 8 in the description
and good
see you in another video do not forget
comment like and subscribe goodbye